♪ Every case in the forest ♪
♪ Is challenging and difficult ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ Will find the answer ♪
♪ We're the best case solvers ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ We are the best partners ♪
LITTLE DETECTIVES
TOBY & TERI
[humming a tune]
This may be the sweetest,
yummiest, best ice pop ever.
[yells]
Wow! That's a cool firetruck.
Heh heh. I know.
It's my favorite truck ever.
Ooh, it's got a ladder,
the wheels turn, and listen to this.
[siren blares]
Wow!
You can play with it if you want.
Really?
You're my best friend,
and it's my favorite truck.
What could be better?
Whoa.
You know what?
This is the absolutely
yummiest ice pop ever.
I want to split it with you.
Wow, really?
Definitely. Here you go.
Mmm. [laughs]
Hmm? Mm...
[laughs]
[humming]
[laughing]
-[Toby humming]
-[Teri] Hmm.
[camera clicks]
[chuckles]
[bee buzzing]
Oh! Hi there, little bee.
I taped off this whole area.
-Why?
-It's what detectives do.
And if something happens right in here?
[Toby] We'll be ready.
[Millie] Toby! Teri! [panting]
[Teri] What's going on?
It's the strangest thing.
I don't know how to explain it.
-You'd better come see.
-I've seen a lot of things,
and I mean a lot of things,
but this is really different! Oh?
Whoops. Wait for me!
[Toby gasps]
Are those bees?
Don't worry. I'm not allergic.
Is anyone here allergic to bee stings?
-I'm okay.
-I'm not.
-No.
-I'm fine.
I'm not fine.
Okay. Thank you. You can go now. Bye.
Maybe if you walk away from them slowly.
Huh. Run a little from side to side.
That didn't work either.
[laughs] But it looked really fun.
It's not fun. I don't like bees.
Don't say that.
Bees are really, really great.
They help plants turn flowers
into the fruit we eat.
Nuts, too. Don't forget about nuts.
Bees help make nuts?
Wow! I take back what I said.
You guys are great. I love nuts!
[sighs] Okay, you can go now.
If we're going to get the bees to go away,
we need to figure out
what they like about Bean.
Sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
We gotta convince the bees
to leave Bean alone.
He's got things to do.
Like playing with the firetruck.
The bees need to get back
to helping us grow food.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is. Let's do this!
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together] Let's ace this case!
It's all right.
Millie figured it out.
The bees
didn't start bothering Bean
until I gave him the firetruck.
Exactly. Case closed.
If Bean just lets go of it,
he'll be fine.
I don't wanna let go
of the firetruck.
I want to play with it.
Don't worry, Bean.
I'm sure it's not the firetruck.
I don't think bees
care much about trucks.
Although, the firetruck
is very red.
Maybe it's the color
of the truck
that's attracting the bees.
Maybe there's something
the bees would like better.
Sure, something even redder
than a firetruck.
I've got it! Be right back.
Hey, guys!
Welcome to Toby's
wonderful world of red!
[Rumy] That's so red...
and dramatic.
Olé!
[bees] Hmm?
Hmm.
[humming]
[bees] Mm?
Huh.
Eh?
[laughs] That's red, too.
You're really good
at this, Toby.
Mm, according to the WhyTab,
bees don't see color
that well.
In fact,
they barely see red at all,
but they do like flowers.
Of course. Bees love flowers.
Maybe they think
Bean is a flower? Are you?
No! I'm a squirrel!
Wait! I have an idea.
Hello, bees. Look what I've got.
[bees buzzing excitedly]
[Millie] It's working.
[bees sniff]
No, it's not.
Wait! Come back!
Don't you see the flowers?!
Over here! Come on!
-[Teri grunts]
-Oh! Sorry.
That's okay, Jay. The bees
don't like these flowers.
But why? They look
just like real flowers.
They don't smell!
Bees like real flowers,
because they
smell like flowers.
But I'm a squirrel.
They're not supposed
to like squirrels.
You're right, Bean.
Something must have happened
to make them like you so much.
Okay, tell us
everything you've done today.
Where'd you go?
What'd you do?
Don't leave anything out.
Okay. I came out here,
and I was spinning like this,
and I tripped
over Rumy's firetruck.
And I told Bean
how much I loved my firetruck.
Then he let me play with it,
which was super nice.
And Bean gave me
half his ice pop,
which was also super nice.
So you shared the ice pop?
Yup! We had it right here.
I'll tape off the scene.
I'm glad I practiced.
What's this?
Oops. Looks like I dropped
my ice pop stick.
I need to put that
in the trash, where it belongs.
[bee buzzes]
Hmm.
Sorry, Bean. This is evidence.
We need to follow the facts
and see where they lead.
Don't worry, Bean.
We're gonna figure this out.
We promise.
Time to use the clues.
So what do we know?
-[Toby] Bees like flowers.
-But not fake flowers,
like the ones on my umbrella.
No, they like real flowers,
because they smell sweet.
So what else do we have
that's sweet?
Hmm.
An ice pop!
Bean and Rumy split an ice pop.
Here's the stick.
Ice pops are sweet, so bees
would definitely like them.
But Rumy ate half, so why aren't
the bees bothering him, too?
We're missing something,
but what?
I can see it!
He has ice pop on his face,
but just a little.
It wouldn't take much.
Bees have
an amazing sense of smell.
So if we wash his face...
We solve this case.
Washcloth, soap, water, towel.
So that's all it takes,
a little soap and water?
We followed the facts,
and this is where they led.
We clean Bean's face,
he'll be free of bees.
Okay, ready?
Is this going to work?
We'll know in a second.
[bees buzzing]
Okay, all done.
Bye, guys! Come back anytime!
Or maybe don't.
Or maybe come back
one at a time.
Do that! Bye!
[bee buzzing]
-Bye!
-Happy flying!
-Have a great day!
-See you!
Say, "Bees"!
[all] Bees!
So all it took
was a little ice pop
to attract all those bees.
And a little soap and water
to get things back to normal.
Time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together] The Case
of the Buzzing Buddies
is officially closed.
[seabirds calling]
This is it,
the absolutely perfect spot
for our beach blanket.
And the perfect spot
for me to make
my amazingly delicious
no-bake fig bars.
Aren't you going to need a bowl
or a spoon or...
Figs!
Aren't you gonna need figs?
Don't worry.
I have everything I need.
But great chefs
don't carry their own stuff.
[Bean and Rumy grunting]
[Teri] You do have everything.
And everything is heavy.
I put the spoon and
measuring cup right over here.
Thank you all!
Now step aside,
and let me work my magic.
Are you going to do
a magic show?
No. I just meant I was going
to make my amazing fig bars.
Where did you say
you put that measuring cup?
The blanket,
by the wooden spoon!
[gasps] It's gone!
But I need that cup.
It's the exact right size
to hold the figs.
It's the secret
to perfect fig bars.
[Toby] Hmm.
There's a seashell here,
but that's all.
Hold on.
These might be footprints.
I really need my measuring cup!
I hope we can find it.
Don't worry, Millie.
Toby and I are on it.
It looks like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
[Teri giggles]
[Toby] Hmm.
That's a nice shell.
It's my favorite.
It's bigger
than the one we found,
but we can use it here.
The shell was here,
and this is where we found
those tiny marks and no cup.
Why would anyone want
Millie's measuring cup?
If we don't get it back,
there aren't gonna be
any fig bars.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this!
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
This shell is definitely a clue.
Don't worry, Millie.
We'll find your missing cup.
Here. I made a drawing.
I hope it helps.
Wow. That's really good, Millie.
I'm sure it'll help.
But we didn't see anyone.
There are all sorts
of animals here.
The tide pools are full of them.
Maybe one of them could help us.
Great idea. We'll show them
Millie's drawing.
Come on, Teri. Let's see
if anyone saw anything.
What are you gonna do?
Stay here in case the culprit
comes back for my spoon.
We can go play?
Sure, but be careful
on the rocks, okay?
They're slippery.
Okay! Come on, guys!
Most everyone down here
lives in these tide pools.
Then that's where we'll start.
Underwater?
Underwater.
[blowing bubbles]
Do you recognize this cup?
Okay.
You don't? Okay.
Have a nice day.
You get that?
Yeah.
Nobody's seen Millie's cup.
But there was one thing.
When I was underwater,
I noticed most of the sea
creatures didn't have feet.
And whoever took Millie's cup
left footprints.
We need to find out
who on the beach has feet.
-[camera clicks]
-Her feet are huge!
Big enough to grab
a measuring cup,
that's for sure.
Quick! She's getting away!
[Toby] Except turtles
move really slowly.
[Teri] And she's really big.
We would've seen her if
she'd taken the measuring cup.
So if we follow the facts...
We can cross turtles
off our list.
And another fact, no one
who lives in the ocean cooks.
So why even take
a measuring cup?
I spy with my little eye...
something green and slimy.
-[Jay] Hmm. Hmm.
-[Rumy] Eh...
[Rumy gasps]
Hah! Seaweed!
That's it!
Okay, Rumy, your turn.
I spy with my little eye...
ah, something that looks just
like Millie's measuring cup!
Come on, Rumy.
The clues have to be harder.
Wait. The only thing
that looks like
Millie's measuring cup is...
[all gasp]
[Bean] Millie's measuring cup!
Rumy, you found Millie's cup!
Ho ho! Let's go get it! [sighs]
[Rumy] Whoa, those rocks
look pretty slippery.
I'll go. Wait here.
I can take a shortcut
between those rocks,
that one with the seaweed on it.
Where was I going again?
To get the cup,
-out there on the--
-[both gasp]
[all] It's gone!
So where did you see the cup?
Rumy spotted it.
It was on that rock.
But now it's gone, as in
disappeared, poof, not there.
[groans] I'm never
gonna make my fig bars.
And this is the cup
you saw on the rocks?
No, the cup I saw...
looked like this.
That's the same cup,
just upside down.
[chuckles] Well, I'll be.
It is the same cup!
But why was it upside down?
-Does it matter?
-It's a clue.
So let's use the clues, Toby.
What do we know?
We know whoever took the cup
was really small
and fast
and lives near the ocean.
And the animals down here
don't cook.
So why take my cup
if they're not making fig bars?
Hmm. What else do we know?
We have the last clue.
The cup was upside down.
Why is that important?
Tiny footprints
and an upside-down cup.
So whoever took the cup
is underneath it?
Because they're living in it!
I think Millie's measuring cup
was taken by...
a hermit crab!
Hermit crabs
don't have their own shells,
so they live in shells
other animals leave behind,
and when they outgrow them...
They move to a bigger shell
or anything else they can find,
like Millie's measuring cup.
I see him. Look! There he is!
[Teri] Oh, no.
He's headed for the ocean.
If he gets in the water, we'll
never get Millie's cup back.
-Then we'd better hurry.
-Wait!
That cup is his home now.
We can't ask him to give it up
unless we find a new shell.
You're right.
But this one is too small.
He left it
and took Millie's cup.
Hold on!
Toby,
that's your favorite shell.
Yup, it's true.
Very first one I ever found.
Isn't there another way?
If you give it up,
won't you miss it?
Sure. The little crab
needs it more than I do.
You'd give up
your favorite shell
to get back my measuring cup?
Mm-hmm.
That's what detectives do.
You really are a good detective.
And a good friend.
-I can take it from here.
-Thanks, sis.
[crab yelps]
[gasps]
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
It's just you took my friend's
cup for your new home.
[crab squeaks]
So I'd like to make a trade.
[crab gasps]
This is my brother's
favorite seashell.
He'd like you to have it,
and we can take the cup back?
[crab squeaks]
Sorry.
I'll give you some privacy.
[laughs]
[crab squeaks happily]
You look great!
[crab squeaking]
You do. You look amazing.
He's got a brand-new home,
and you've got your cup back.
You know, before you go,
can we take a picture together,
you, me, and my measuring cup?
[crab squeaks happily]
Say, "Fig bars"!
-Fig Bars!
-[crab squeaks]
Mmm!
Millie's fig bars
were worth the wait!
Yeah, these are really yummy.
Not only did Millie
get her measuring cup back,
we made a new friend,
and he has a new home,
thanks to you.
Time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together]
The Case of the Crazy Cup
is officially closed!